feat: adds FilterTenantAwareLinksFromStudio in filters pipeline (#219)
eduNEXT/eox-tenant: eox_tenant/filters/README.rst

-------------------

* `FilterUserCourseEnrollmentsByTenant`_: Filters the course enrollments of a user from the tenant site where the request is made.
* `FilterRenderCertificatesByOrg`_: Stop certificate generation process raising a exception if course org is different to tenant orgs.

> * `OrgAwareLMSURLStudio`_: Filter specific org aware link form Studio to the LMS.
> * `OrgAwareCourseAboutPageURL`_: Filter specific org aware course about page URL from Studio to the LMS.

Reviewer: I think it would be easier to follow if we explicitly explained what each filter does without using org-aware or filter terminology. Does this sound right to you? 
```suggestion
* `OrgAwareLMSURLStudio`_: Generates a new LMS URL for asset URL generation based on the course organization settings.
* `OrgAwareCourseAboutPageURL`_: Generates a new course about URL based on the course organization settings.
```
